no you know this outside the slideshow
open
well first of all welcome to the via
ferrata here I showed you the drill the
amount the name is who knows no the very
important mountains in the local area
here the patch are count
I would explain you why later my name is
REO I'm gonna be one of your guide and
we have Seoul with us it gonna be the
other guy okay on the deep line whenever
we we use the steep lines we always need
to guide want to let go we want to you
know
please be waiting on the platform first
of all the equipment that we're gonna
use today on the via ferrata starts with
the helmet calyx should be tied to your
head okay they don't have to be tied
enough that they don't let you breathe
or talk but you do have to feel them
that's why it's a helmet
okay they are supposed to protect your
brain not to make you look beautiful
after the helmet we are wearing a
harness to weight harness okay harness
also should be tied to your body
you should definitely let blood run
through your legs okay so now you will
start getting some cramps but you do
have to fill the harness you know its
purpose let it fall off the harvest so
the way I see them they simply okay over
the harness we have many many real thing
hanging the only one we're gonna learn
to you is via ferrata pips to take this
orange liners that I have on my hand now
if you look at me I teach you how to
open them okay the worst you get a rock
hit your head and then at the great
sorry about it okay any medical
considerations have my happiness cure
heart problem mate unless you have with
you
eggs in it focus on your waivers and it
goes